hey guys this is your girl miss
higher-tech you're about to watch killed
by a girl raisin right series is when I
go into some lobbies and I make people
will just say rather angry and we're
excited well I hope you enjoy heart you
guys like the way you work fuck you
bitch Homer son of a bitch oh my gosh
did she clutch it are you serious right
now
1 2 3 oh fuck we losing damn it oh I got
it Archie car
you
I'm gonna go ahead and drive this up her
go I can't drive am Asian
hey douche bagel only fucking balls oh
you fucking bitch shut the fat dude and
I guess you're making wow I was just
getting vote raped all the time
look at this just bout reboot e-flat
make her off it can't be cool
no no again oh wow
bitch got it guys she hit it that's what
she said Oh God oh there's a lot of
things I did that's what she said what
the hell
[Music]
[Applause]